change tender process to tender stage (#1528)
open-contracting/standard: docs/history/changelog.md

  * [#1189](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1189) `Document.url`, to use precise wording and to describe how to indicate a part of a document.
  * [#1229](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1229) Standardize the descriptions of `planning.documents`, `tender.documents`, `awards.documents`, `contracts.documents`, and `contracts.implementation.documents`.
  * [#1335](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1335) Standardize the descriptions of `planning`, `planning.rationale`, `planning.budget`, `planning.documents`, and `planning.milestones`.

>   * [#1528](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1528) `tender.id`, `tender.hasEnquires`, to reduce ambiguity and use consistent wording in description of procurement stages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [#1528](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1528) `tender.id`, `tender.hasEnquiries`, to reduce ambiguity and use consistent wording in the description of procurement stages.
```

Author: Ah, that explains why it wasn't there previously, I'll remove it.
